all right so we're driving down Route
one Boston Post Road Stamford going in
Darien going home
it's getting a little bit crazy out the
wind is really crazy not much rain but
the wind is crazy high tides are coming
in there's some crazy people like me
outside right here this WWE WWF whatever
building the the glass is already coming
out flying out from the top so we're
headed home I'll just show you some of
the destruction where there's more trees
a lot of trees are coming down and
debris is flying around look at those
you can see the lights here and the wind
just whipping I mean it's crazy and the
whole car is shaking right now
so it's a lot scarier than I thought it
would be but even though it's not really
that bad it's just the concept of this
it happening more is
you can see it's starting to flood down
there bad real bad high tide is coming
in and oh wow not even the ocean so here
we go
got a cop in front of us lots of debris
oh I don't know what the hell that was
some branches down see I think we're
gonna take this this home
right getting a little crazy out
jump there's more trees down way down
there hope you can see that
so all right peace out